There are six players from the Women's Super League in the starting 11s, including Arsenal's Stina Blackstenius for Sweden and she will be up against Gunners team-mates Noelle Maritz and Lia Walti for Switzerland.
Both countries include a player from Champions League runners-up Barcelona, with Sweden's Fridolina Rolfo up against fellow forward Ana-Maria Crnogorcevic.
Switzerland had their preparations for their game against Sweden hampered as some players and staff were struck with gastrointestinal symptoms earlier this week, however manager Nils Nielsen is confident his team have a chance.
Sweden XI: Lindahl, Eriksson, Bjorn, Ilestedt, Glas, Seger, Asllani, Angeldahl, Hurtig, Blackstenius, Rolfo.
Switzerland were forced to cancel their training session on Monday after eight players suffered from a stomach bug, but it has not led to significant changes to their starting XI.
Subs: Peng, Friedli, Stierli, Marti, Rinast, Xhemaili, Kiwic, Mauron, Folmli, Humm, Riesen, Terchoun.
Watch highlights as defending champions the Netherlands come from a goal down to secure a 1-1 draw against the world's second-ranked side Sweden in their Euro 2022 match at Bramall Lane.
Watch highlights as Portugal recovered from being two goals down to secure a deserved 2-2 draw against Switzerland in their Euro 2022 match at Leigh Sports Village.
Olympic silver medallists Sweden drew 1-1 with defending European champions the Netherlands on Saturday.
Switzerland played out a 2-2 draw against Portugal, despite having a two-goal lead at half-time.
Good afternoon and welcome along to BBC Sport's coverage of the match between Sweden and Switzerland, with kick-off at 17:00 BST.
You can watch the game live on BBC Two from 16:45 BST and also in this very page.
It's on to Bramall Lane today as Sweden, the best ranked side in Europe, take on Switzerland.
Switzerland played out 2-2 draw with Portugal
Sweden drew 1-1 with Netherlands in their first game
Use play icon at the top of page to watch or listen to the match live
England were beaten by 10 wickets at The Oval on Tuesday, their first defeat by such a margin at home and first anywhere for 11 years.
"Hopefully closer to the World Cup [in 2023] we start winning," Moeen said.
Tuesday's defeat was the first time Jason Roy, Jonny Bairstow, Joe Root, Ben Stokes and Jos Buttler had played together in an ODI since England's World Cup final win over New Zealand in July 2019 because of rest, rotation and a greater emphasis on other formats.
Roy, Root and Stokes were all out for ducks after England were put into bat on a lively pitch as India seamer Jasprit Bumrah took 6-19.
The hosts were 59-7 at one stage and only lower-order hitting ensured they passed their lowest ODI score of 86.
It will definitely take a bit of time and probably take a few defeats which is fine actually," Moeen said.
The match followed a 2-1 series defeat against India last week and was England's first 50-over match at home since Buttler replaced Eoin Morgan as captain.
Sometimes I feel you don't want to peak too early. We know there are still players to come in like [injured fast bowler] Mark Wood.
I am confident we will be fine. They bowled fantastically well on that wicket.
The second ODI begins at 13:00 BST at Lord's on Thursday.
The Australian, 33, is contracted to McLaren until the end of 2023 but has been struggling to match the pace of team-mate Lando Norris this season.
Ricciardo's future has been the subject of speculation since McLaren Racing chief executive Zak Brown said last month that his time with the team had not met expectations.
They have considered Williams driver Alex Albon and Alpine reserve Oscar Piastri, and Aston Martin's Sebastian Vettel has also been linked to the team.
I'm working my ass off with the team to make improvements and get the car right and back to the front where it belongs," added Ricciardo. "I still want this more than ever.
McLaren is busy creating options for itself in terms of its future driver line-up.
Norris signed for the team until the end of 2025 earlier this season.
But McLaren this week gave IndyCar front-runner Colton Herta a test in a 2021 car at Portimao in Portugal, and is known to be open to the idea of the American switching to F1 if he proves himself capable of the move.
McLaren have also signed IndyCar champion Alex Palou for 2023, but has not said in which category the Spaniard would race.
The constructor has a team in the all-electric Formula E series in addition to F1 and IndyCar, as well as the electric off-road Extreme E category.
Palou's contract includes some seat time in an F1 test and the 25-year-old said in McLaren's statement announcing his deal that he was "excited to be able to show what I can do behind the wheel of a Formula 1 car and looking at what doors that may open".
Like all F1 teams, McLaren are obliged by regulations to run non-regular drivers in two free practice sessions this season. Team principal Andreas Seidl said on Tuesday that this would take place after the August summer break and that plans had not yet been confirmed.
The Briton had his serve broken by Querrey in the first game of the match but broke back to level at 1-1.
Murray, 35, saved two break points in his next service game and, after the American made it 2-2, reeled off 10 games in a row to secure the win.
The victory - achieved in just under 55 minutes - set up a last-16 match against Australia's Max Purcell.
Fellow Briton Liam Broady was also in action at the tournament but lost 6-2 4-6 6-2 to Australia's James Duckworth, who Murray beat in the first round at Wimbledon in June.
The R&A banned Greg Norman from its Champions Dinner because it did not want the divisive new LIV Golf series to overshadow the 150th Open Championship.
Four days later that strategy was abandoned as the organisation's chief executive Martin Slumbers opened his eve-of-championship news conference by addressing the elephant in the room unprompted.
Before a question could be asked on Wednesday, Slumbers said he wanted to "address the disruption that men's professional golf is facing.
It was a curious start to the R&A's traditional news conference in its biggest week of the year, given it had chosen to not invite two-time Open champion Norman, who fronts LIV Golf, to St Andrews this week in an effort "to ensure the focus remains on celebrating the Championship and its heritage".
Norman, who missed both Monday's champions' four-hole exhibition and Tuesday's dinner, called the decision "petty", although Slumbers pointed out "Greg hasn't been here since 2010. He didn't come in 2015. In fact, it's many years since he's even been to The Open.
Many of the top players - Tiger Woods included - teeing it up on the Old Course this week have been asked for their opinion on the series and been happy to give one.
So even before Slumbers spoke, LIV Golf was on the agenda in this landmark week for the championship. That may explain why the R&A chief decided the focus had already at least partially been taken from the 150th Open and why he offered strident views on the fledgling circuit.
Without once using the name of the organisation, Slumbers said the $2bn Saudi Arabian-funded start-up was "not in the best long-term interests" of golf.
The existing golf ecosystem has successfully provided stable pathways for golfers to enter the sport and develop and realise their full potential, he continued.
Professional golfers are entitled to choose where they want to play and to accept the prize money that's offered to them. I have absolutely no issue with that at all.
But there is no such thing as a free lunch. I believe the model we've seen at Centurion and Pumpkin Ridge [the host venues for the first two events] is not in the best long-term interests of the sport as a whole and is entirely driven by money.
We believe it undermines the merit-based culture and the spirit of open competition that makes golf so special.
The continued commentary that this is about growing the game is just not credible and if anything, is harming the perception of our sport which we are working so hard to improve.
We believe the game needs to focus on increasing participation, achieving greater diversity, and making sure that golf is truly open to all, rather than this narrow debate involving a small number of players."
Major champions such as Phil Mickelson, Brooks Koepka, Dustin Johnson, Bryson DeChambeau, Louis Oosthuizen and Sergio Garcia are among the players who have signed up to join the LIV Series, which is running eight invitational events this year with a total prize fund of £200m.
They are all playing at St Andrews this week after the R&A said it would not exclude LIV Golf players who had already qualified from playing. That followed a similar ruling made by the United States Golf Association before the US Open.
The PGA Tour has chosen to suspend its members who have joined LIV, while the European-based DP World Tour handed out £100,000 fines to its players and banned them from last week's Scottish Open - a move which Ian Poulter, among others, managed to reverse.
Slumbers says banning players from The Open is "not on our agenda" but he did say the R&A "will review our exemptions and qualifications criteria".
We will hold totally true to being Open to anybody, but we will look at whether it is an exemption or through qualification."
Under current rules, of the aforementioned sextet, Mickelson and Oosthuizen as former Open champions are exempt from qualifying until they are 60.
Winners of the other three men's majors - the Masters, US Open and US PGA Championship - gain exemptions to The Open for five years - so 2020 US Open champion DeChambeau, under current rules, is eligible to play in The Open until 2025.
However, those players who rely on world ranking status to get into a major could be hampered given LIV Golf events do not attract Official World Golf Ranking (OWGR) points.
Betty Boothroyd reads excerpts from her autobiography detailing her rise to become the first female Speaker of the UK's House of Commons.
Beginning with her early political life in Strasbourg and Westminster to leaving front line Labour politics to initially become Deputy Speaker…
Abridged in five parts by Katrin Williams.
For more than 70 years, the UN has been at the forefront of work to uphold human rights and promote global peace. But what happens when the fixer of the world’s problems is itself faced with allegations of wrongdoing and corruption? What happens when UN staff try to call out their own managers and colleagues?
Told by insiders with decades of experience working at the world’s top diplomatic institution, The Whistleblowers: Inside the UN gives first-hand accounts of what happens to staff when they report allegations of wrongdoing. Their stories reveal a culture of untouchability that reaches the highest levels of the organisation.
The UN has more than 35,000 staff and most are protected by immunity from local laws once they are employed by the UN. This means staff complaints are investigated internally. The UN has a budget of more than £50 billion a year, and the whistleblowers allege a wide range of sexual abuse and corruption across many UN agencies, including the Human Rights Council, UN Development Programme, the World Food Programme and Unaids.
At great personal cost, the people in this film reveal their accounts of what happened when they tried to take on the UN’s hierarchy and the organisation’s culture of silence. Martina had been at Unaids for ten years when she filed a formal complaint against her boss for sexual harassment. “Since launching a complaint, since speaking out about what has happened to me, Unaids has retaliated in very mean and hurtful ways to the point that it has almost broken me.”
John was at the UNDP for three years before flagging his concerns about corruption with his managers. The UN thanked him for raising the complaints, but subsequently opened an investigation into him. “They still have my UNDP laptop - for four years now. So I don’t know what they are investigating, but they’ve had it for years and years. They spend more effort, more time, more resources to investigate the whistleblower than they do to investigate the corruption,” says John.
Aditya meets the students leading arguing for a rethink of economics. He also talks to major figures from the worlds of economics and finance, including George Soros, the Bank of England's chief economist Andy Haldane, and Cambridge author Ha-Joon Chang.
Ayeisha Thomas-Smith and Steve Bugeja present an everyday guide to economics.
How buying cocaine helps the government
When it comes to our main measure for the economy, GDP, even the illegal drugs trade is included. When GDP goes up, it’s said the economy is growing, which is something governments like to show off about. Critics say GDP includes some things it shouldn’t.
Why a bank boss was sent coffins full of car keys
Decisions made by bankers can have a devastating impact on people’s lives. This story about some unusual post helps explain how interest rates are used to manipulate our behaviour.
Tim Harford presents a series of talks inspired by ideas in anthropology, culture and the social sciences
Michael Blastland lays out the history of economic ideas to understand why economics goes wrong and whether it can ever go entirely right.
Sri Lanka’s foreign currency reserves have virtually run dry, and the president has fled the country after months of protests over soaring prices and a lack of food and fuel. Vivienne Nunis gets an update from the BBC’s Anbarasan Ethiragan from outside the main protest site, and Shanta Devarajan, advisor liaising between international financial institutions and the Sri Lankan government.
Inflation in the United States has increased as its fastest rate since November 1981. Everyday goods are now, on average, 9.1% more expensive than they were a year ago. Business Correspondent Samira Hussain explains the reasons behind this from New York.
Iceland has topped the overall rankings as the most gender-equal country in the World Economic Forum's Global "Gender Gap" Report this year- the second year running. The author of the report, Saadia Zahidi explains why the world’s two biggest economies are at opposite ends of the rankings.
Today Russian and Ukrainian delegations are meeting Turkish and UN officials to find a solution to the grain exportation crisis. Daniil Melnychenko is a data analyst at Informil Business group in Odessa, which analyses cargo in the Black Sea. He shares his view on negotiations.
And finally, Australia’s biggest hardware chain, Bunnings, and retailer Kmart, are using facial recognition technology in their stores. Kat Power from consumer group Choice Australia, joins us.
Keir Starmer criticises Tory leadership contest 'fantasy economics'
Keir Starmer criticises Tory leadership contest 'fantasy economics'
Sir Keir Starmer has criticised the "fantasy economics" being proposed by Tory party leadership hopefuls.
He said over the weekend, the candidates had proposed a combined £200bn of "unfunded spending commitments", saying this was "more than the annual budget of the NHS"
And how the very people who the UN are meant to be protecting, the most vulnerable, are not prioritised. Philip has spent 29 years reporting to the UN as a special rapporteur. “Human rights is not a strong priority for the current secretary-general. I think a lot of it comes back to the ethos that's set by a secretary-general,” he says.
All the whistleblowers have spent years working for the UN and many believed it would be a career for life, and a place to make a real difference. mma, who worked at the UN Human Rights Council for ten years says: “Whistleblowers are often presented as somehow hating the UN altogether and wanting it to be disbanded, and nothing could be further from the truth. We just want it to be better.”
Betty Boothroyd reads excerpts from her book about life as the first female Speaker in the House of Commons
The Central American country of El Salvador became the first country to make Bitcoin legal tender in September 2021. President Nayib Bukele has invested more than $300 million of public money and is convinced it will benefit the country despite the recent cryptocrash, and growing evidence that people in El Salvador are not embracing the currency. BBC Cyber Reporter, Joe Tidy has journeyed from Bitcoin Beach where it all started, to a volcano on which the president hopes to build a 'Bitcoin City' to find out whether Bukele's big Bitcoin gamble is paying off.
An examination, half a century on from the first director of the FBI's death in office in 1972, of how Hoover's iron grip still permeates contemporary America.
Forty years ago, British troops returned home victorious from a short and brutal war. This film is the story of ten ordinary men who fought on the front line alongside one another in the Falklands War.
Very little of the frontline fighting on the islands was captured on film. So if you want to know what the Falklands War was really like, you need to ask the men who fought it.
The OWGR confirmed on Tuesday it had received an application from LIV Golf to be included in the ranking. In a statement, it said: "Examination of the application will now commence." It is a process expected to take months.
The LIV Series is bankrolled by Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, which put in an initial $250m (£200m) of prize money for this year but has pledged a further $2bn to turn the invitational series into a full league.
Each 54-hole event features 48 players and record prize money of $25m, with the player finishing last guaranteed $120,000.
In contrast, the prize pot at this week's Open is £11.2m, an increase of 22% from last year, with the winner collecting £2m.
When asked about the prospect of one of the 24 LIV players in the field winning The Open, Slumbers, who would present them with the Claret Jug said: Whoever wins on Sunday is going to have their name carved in history and I'll welcome them on to the 18th green.
This is a golf tournament. The Open is about having the best players in the world playing, and I want to see who shoots the lowest score come Sunday night."
Belfast fighter Caoimhin Agyarko secured a dominant victory over Lukasz Maciec to claim the WBA International Super-Welterweight title in London.
Agyarko won the bout via unanimous decision with the judges scoring it 100-90, 100-90, 99-93 in his favour.
While his Polish opponent caught him with some decent shots, Agyarko controlled the 10-round encounter.
It was his debut at super-welterweight and the win improves the 25-year-old's record to 12 wins from 12 fights.
Warrington enjoyed their biggest and best Super League win of the season as they pulled off a Magic Weekend upset to beat Catalans Dragons on Tyneside.
Despite the early loss of Gareth Widdop after his third-minute try, Wire led 24-6 at the break with tries from new boys Jake Wardle, teenager Matty Nicholson and Stefan Ratchford.
Sam Tomkins bolstered Samisoni Langi's first-half try for well-beaten Dragons.
But George Williams went over to add to Josh Thewlis's early second-half score.
Warrington boss Daryl Powell confirmed afterwards the extent of the injury suffered by England international Widdop, who dislocated his shoulder in the process of scoring - and is now unlikely to play again this season.
But Catalans also suffered a big second-half setback, with captain Ben Garcia facing the prospect of plastic surgery following a nasty ear injury
On a swelteringly hot afternoon at St James' Park, watched by a total weekend audience in excess of 60,000, Catalans ought to have felt right at home, given the weather they generally enjoy back home in the south of France.
They spanked Warrington 40-8 out in Perpignan back on 14 May. But that was right in the middle of Wire's inconsistent start to the season - and there have been growing signs that Daryl Powell's side are back on the up again.
Langi barged over from dummy half to cancel out Widdop's try and Tomkins landed the kick to fire Catalans in front. But a costly fumble from Arthur Romano let in Wardle to regain Warrington the lead - and they were never headed again.
Hacking, leaking and disputing the facts - it's never been easier to distort the truth. Can a free and fair media still operate in a digitised world and restore trust in political debate? Zeinab Badawi discusses the issues with a panel of political and media figures at the World Economic Forum in Davos, including Joseph Kahn, managing editor, New York Times, Anna Belkina, deputy editor in chief, RT, and Jimmy Wales - co-founder, Wikipedia.
Death in Paradise star Ralf Little leaves the sun-drenched Caribbean well behind as he heads to the Orkney Islands off the north coast of Scotland to investigate his grandfather Arthur’s experiences during the Second World War. Ralf is astonished to discover that Arthur was caught up in one of the most important battles of the conflict.
Looking into another branch of his family, Ralf is thrilled to confirm a family rumour that he has a Welsh international footballer on his family tree. Once a serious footballer himself, Ralf’s joy turns to despair when he learns that his great-grandfather’s devotion to the beautiful game was severely tested by a wave of religious fervour that swept through Wales in the early 1900s.
Finally, on returning to his hometown of Manchester, Ralf is delighted to learn that another ancestor played a key role in the development of this great industrial city.
This series sees the Sharma family go back in time to discover what life was like for families who came from South Asia to settle in Britain from the 1950s onwards. The city of Birmingham is now home to more than 250,000 people of Indian, Pakistani, Bangladeshi or Sri Lankan descent. Based here, the family experiences first-hand how their parents’ and grandparents’ generations made new lives for themselves in the city - from arriving in postwar Britain to the 21st century. This includes the jobs these new arrivals did, the homes they lived in and how they entertained themselves, as well as the impact of changing immigration policies on ordinary families. The Sharmas discover how the experiences of this pioneer generation have influenced not just their own lives but have helped shape the modern multicultural Britain of today.
Guiding the Sharmas on their journey are BBC Asian Network’s DJ-turned-presenter Noreen Khan and historian Yasmin Khan, whose own family members both migrated from Pakistan in the latter half of the 20th century.
The Sharmas, whose family are Hindu and originally came from India and Uganda, are living in Sparkbrook. Now a predominantly Muslim/Pakistani suburb of Birmingham, in 1950 it was one of a handful of neighbourhoods in the city where new arrivals from across the subcontinent and of all faiths began to settle. Father Vishal and 19-year-old son Akash arrive first and are shocked at the accommodation available in 1950 - a dingy room with a bed they must share on a rota, and access to a basic kitchen and bathroom. While Vishal puts in a shift at one of Birmingham’s many factories, Akash’s limited culinary skills are put to the test by a 1950s larder, from which he whips up dinner for his dad and two guests, Pravin and Saleem – themselves economic migrants who both lived in shared accommodation when they first arrived.
Early migrants had mostly intended to return home, but as the work continued some made the decision to stay, sending for their wives and daughters. Mum Manisha and 20-year-old Alisha join the men at their lodgings, bringing home comforts and vital kitchen equipment. By the mid-50s, enterprising locals were starting to import kitchen staples such as atta, spices and lentils wholesale. So, although it might have involved a long trek to specialist cash-and-carries, food started to resemble what they were used to at home.
Noreen visits to introduce Manisha and Alisha to their new jobs – sewing buttons on shirts, for which they would be paid a pittance per shirt completed. With these home-based roles came the difficulty of isolation. Noreen, Manisha and Alisha experience how being left in only the company of other South Asian women meant many first-generation women didn’t get the opportunity to learn English - something their male counterparts were doing whilst out working and socialising.
By the mid-1950s, Indian cinema was booming. Midlands film buff Jaswant Singh spied an opportunity to bring the silver screen to the emigres, hiring film reels from India and playing them out at the local cinema. The Sharmas head out to the pictures and meet Jaswant’s son Amarjit to hear more about how his dad brought Bollywood to Birmingham, and in the process created a much-needed place for the South Asian community to meet and socialise, as well as enjoy films from home.
The 1961 Immigration Act was passed to stem what was perceived by white English people as a tsunami of immigration. What it did instead was encourage the first-generation immigrants to send for their extended families. This led to more Indians and Pakistanis travelling over in an attempt to beat the ban. The Sharmas are visited by members of their extended family, bringing gifts from back home.
In 1964, Birmingham’s iconic shopping centre The Bullring opened – and with it hundreds of opportunities for entrepreneurship. Akash heads off to the world-famous Bullring Market to try his hand as a market trader, guided by Brummie comedienne Shazia Mirza, who spent many a happy hour as a child browsing at the market and knows a good trader when she sees one.
Until 1968, it was still perfectly legal to discriminate against people on the basis of ethnicity. The Race Relations Act passed that year finally made it illegal, but instead of enjoying their newfound rights, the Sharmas explore the racial division that was stoked in the UK by Enoch Powell’s Rivers of Blood speech and the response to it.
Over the course of two decades, the Sharmas experience the highs and lows of living in 1950s and 1960s Britain, beginning to understand the hardships as well as the enterprising spirit that the first generation of South Asian immigrants brought with them. As the 1960s draw to a close, the family take time to reflect on how far they have come, celebrating the end of the decade with their extended family and looking forward to what the next one will bring.
As the Supreme Court rules the prime minister acted unlawfully by suspending parliament, Andrew Neil reports live on the constitutional crisis.
Adam Fleming explores the life and career of Boris Johnson with people who've known, watched, worked or dealt with him - from boy to man to prime minister.
Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson. A bit of a mouthful. To most people - and there are those that hate it - he’s simply Boris.
This series tells the story of Boris Johnson - from boy to man to Prime Minister. In each episode Adam Fleming talks to a range of people who’ve known, watched, worked or dealt with him.
In the second episode we hear about the university years.
Guests:Anne McElvoy is a columnist and broadcaster at The Economist and her first interaction with Boris Johnson was interviewing him for the student newspaper at Oxford.
Jeya Wilson handed over the Oxford Union presidency to Boris Johnson in 1986.
Simon Kuper is a Financial Times columnist and author of the Chums: How a Tiny Caste of Oxford Tories Took Over the UK
The Supreme Court's abortion ruling - repealing Roe v Wade and ending the nationwide guarantee to abortion - has divided America. Some 26 states are now expected to ban or restrict abortion in the next few months. Sophie Long spent three weeks on the front line of the debate with staff, patients and protestors at the Little Rock Family Planning Service in Arkansas, as they waited for the court's ruling.
Order! Order!
Tasked with liberating the Falkland Islands from Argentina, British troops set sail from England in April 1982, returning ten weeks later. In that time, their lives were changed forever.
In their own words, with unflinching honesty and detail – some speaking for the first time – their stories revisit some of the most dramatic, impactful, bloody and life-changing moments of the war. For these men, it remains as vivid as they day they fought it.
Charles Moore explores the close relationship between Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan.
Charles Moore describes the unusual mindset that made Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan different from other world leaders at the time.
More clips from Thatcher & Reagan: A Very Special Relationship
Fifty years ago this month, Paratroopers shot dead 13 innocent civil rights marchers in Northern Ireland. It was the British Army's darkest day - forever known as Bloody Sunday. No soldier has been prosecuted. The tragedy helped fuel the IRA's bloody campaign over the violent decades ahead and set back the chances of peace for more than 20 years. Peter Taylor analyses what happened and why - and assesses Bloody Sunday's legacy today.
Martin Wolf, the Financial Times chief economics commentator, examines how the world has changed since the beginning of the financial crisis four years ago
Martin Wolf argues that, to be a truly democratic and prosperous society, we need a new and comprehensive movement devoted to public engagement with economics.
In 2008, following the deepest financial crisis Britain has ever faced, the Queen asked how it was possible that nobody in the government or the City had been able to see the crash coming.
A group of eminent economists responded to her question in a letter, arguing, "Everyone seemed to be doing their own job properly on its own merit. And according to standard measures of success, they were often doing it well. The failure was to see how collectively this added up to a series of interconnected imbalances over which no single authority had jurisdiction."
The economists' letter does little to reassure the reader about avoiding another crash in the future. Moreover, it implicitly endorses the dominant view that our economy should be managed and maintained by a small group of technocrats, serving the public interest.
The Financial Times chief economics commentator Martin Wolf mounts a challenge to this belief and explores why economics education and engagement falls so far behind other disciplines.
He speaks to figures such as former US treasury secretary Larry Summers, Nobel prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz, chief economist at the Bank of England Andy Haldane, economist Wendy Carlin, journalist Robert Peston, and politicians John McDonnell and Liz Truss.
At universities from Glasgow to Kolkata, economics students are fighting their tutors over how to teach the subject in the wake of the crash. The Guardian's senior economics commentator, Aditya Chakrabortty, reports from the frontline of this most unusual and important academic war.
The banking crash plunged economies around the world into crisis - but it also created questions for economics itself. Even the Queen asked why hardly any economists saw the meltdown coming. Yet economics graduates still roll out of exam halls and off to government departments or the City with much the same toolkit that, just five years ago, produced a massive crash.
Now economics students around the world are demanding a radical change of course. In a manifesto signed by 65 university economics associations from over 30 different countries, students decry a 'dramatic narrowing of the curriculum' that they say prefers algebra to the real world and teaches them there's only one way to run an economy.
As fights go, this one is desperately ill-matched - in one corner, young people fighting to change what they're taught; in the other, the academics who've built careers researching and teaching the subject. Yet the outcome matters to all of us, as it is a battle over the ideas that underpin how we run our economies.
CHELSEA are no longer interested in signing Cristiano Ronaldo to leave the Manchester United star with NO offers.
Blues new owner Todd Boehly was offered Ronaldo, 37, by the player’s representative Jorge Mendes as he seeks an Old Trafford exit.
Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo is determined to leave the club this summer but has nowhere to go.
Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has turned down the chance to bring Ronaldo to Stamford Bridge.
A summer move for the Portuguese star - who has 12 months left of a two-year contract at United - was briefly considered at Stamford Bridge.
Tributes have been flooding in for the star who manned the show between 1969 and 1977.
However, after a discussion between boss Thomas Tuchel and American businessman Boehly, Chelsea have decided to end any potential approach.
New Man United boss Erik ten Hag has reiterated that Ronaldo is not for sale and still in his plans despite the player’s pre-season no-show in Thailand due to “personal reasons”.
But Ronaldo remains on the look-out for a new club after yet another rejection, with PSG and Bayern Munich also deciding against bringing in the veteran.
NATIONWIDE presenter Michael Barratt has died at the age of 94, his family has confirmed.
His family announced this morning: “We’re very sad to report that our lovely Dad/Husband/Mike/Michael Barratt died this morning. He was 94.
The 35-year-old and her fiance Alexander Gilkes welcomed their first child into the world this week.
“He spent his final days being cared for at the wonderful Thames Hospice in Berkshire, surrounded by his family.
“A life lived to the full.”
Lorraine Kelly today took to social media to pay tribute.
TENNIS superstar Maria Sharapova has announced that she has given birth to a baby boy.
EURO STARS BBC to show Champions League highlights for free in Match of the Day-style show after reaching agreement for 2024 season
SAUDI RICHES Cristiano Ronaldo receives £2m-a-WEEK transfer offer to join Saudi Arabian league as he seeks Man Utd exit
RON OF THESE? Five clubs Cristiano Ronaldo could join as Chelsea are latest side to reject transfer for wantaway Man Utd star
CRISTIANO RONALDO will have to look for new options after Chelsea elected NOT to make a move for the Manchester United ace.
The 37-year-old wants to leave Old Trafford this summer and hasn't turned up for pre-season training.
His options look slim, however, with Chelsea becoming the latest team to snub a transfer.
New owner Todd Boehly met with Ronaldo's agent Jorge Mendes, and a switch was briefly considered.
But after talks between the American businessman and manager Thomas Tuchel, the brief pursuit was ended.
Chelsea instead signed Raheem Sterling for £47.5million, while their attention has now turned to improving their defence.
Bayern Munich and Paris Saint-Germain had already made it clear that they wouldn't be moving for the Portuguese star.
Ronaldo has no offers on the table, but someone is bound to take an interest before the end of the window after he scored 24 goals last season.
Erik ten Hag insisted this week that his No7 is NOT for sale.
But with the five-time Ballon d'Or winner still set on leaving, let's take a look at some of the destinations that could materialise over the next six weeks.











